# POSTAccountType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**class__ns** | **str** | Value of the Class field for the corresponding customer account in NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**customer_type__ns** | **str** | Value of the Customer Type field for the corresponding customer account in NetSuite. The Customer Type field is used when the customer account is created in NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**department__ns** | **str** | Value of the Department field for the corresponding customer account in NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**integration_id__ns** | **str** | ID of the corresponding object in NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**integration_status__ns** | **str** | Status of the account&#39;s synchronization with NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**location__ns** | **str** | Value of the Location field for the corresponding customer account in NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**subsidiary__ns** | **str** | Value of the Subsidiary field for the corresponding customer account in NetSuite. The Subsidiary field is required if you use NetSuite OneWorld. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**sync_date__ns** | **str** | Date when the account was sychronized with NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**syncto_net_suite__ns** | **str** | Specifies whether the account should be synchronized with NetSuite. Only available if you have installed the [Zuora Connector for NetSuite](https://www.zuora.com/connect/app/?appId&#x3D;265).  | [optional] 
**account_number** | **str** | A unique account number, up to 50 characters that do not begin with the default account number prefix.  If no account number is specified, one is generated.  | [optional] 
**additional_email_addresses** | **list[str]** | A list of additional email addresses to receive emailed invoices. Use a comma to separate each email address.  **Note:** Invoices are emailed to the email addresses specified in this field only when the &#x60;invoiceDeliveryPrefsEmail&#x60; field is &#x60;true&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**apply_credit_balance** | **bool** | Applies a credit balance to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit balance is applied to the invoice. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  Prerequisite: &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.  To view the credit balance adjustment, retrieve the details of the invoice using the Get Invoices method.   **Note:**    - If you are using the field &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; rather than the field &#x60;invoice&#x60;, the &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; value must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   - This field is deprecated if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.   | [optional] 
**auto_pay** | **bool** | Specifies whether future payments are to be automatically billed when they are due. Possible values are: &#x60;true&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**batch** | **str** | The alias name given to a batch. A string of 50 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**bill_cycle_day** | **int** | The account&#39;s bill cycle day (BCD), when bill runs generate invoices for the account.  Specify any day of the month (1-31, where 31 &#x3D; end-of-month), or 0 for auto-set.  Required if no subscription will be created.   Optional if a subscription is created and defaults to the day-of-the-month of the subscription&#39;s &#x60;contractEffectiveDate&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**bill_to_contact** | [**POSTAccountTypeBillToContact**](POSTAccountTypeBillToContact.md) |  | 
**collect** | **str** | Collects an automatic payment for a subscription. The collection generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the automatic payment is collected. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;.  Prerequisite: invoice must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 196.0 or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] 
**communication_profile_id** | **str** | The ID of a communication profile.           | [optional] 
**credit_card** | [**POSTAccountTypeCreditCard**](POSTAccountTypeCreditCard.md) |  | [optional] 
**credit_memo_template_id** | **str** | **Note**: This field is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  The unique ID of the credit memo template, configured in **Billing Settings** &gt; **Manage Billing Document Configuration** through the Zuora UI. For example, 2c92c08a6246fdf101626b1b3fe0144b.  | [optional] 
**crm_id** | **str** | CRM account ID for the account, up to 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**currency** | **str** | A currency as defined in Billing Settings in the Zuora UI.  | 
**debit_memo_template_id** | **str** | **Note**: This field is only available if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled. The Invoice Settlement feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  The unique ID of the debit memo template, configured in **Billing Settings** &gt; **Manage Billing Document Configuration** through the Zuora UI. For example, 2c92c08d62470a8501626b19d24f19e2.  | [optional] 
**hpm_credit_card_payment_method_id** | **str** | The ID of the HPM credit card payment method associated with this account. You must provide either this field or the &#x60;creditCard&#x60; structure, but not both.  **Note:** Non-credit card payment methods are not supported.  | [optional] 
**invoice** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoice&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.    Creates an invoice for a subscription. The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is created. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.   The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;.    This field is in REST API minor version control. To use this field in the method, you can set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header. Supported minor versions are &#x60;196.0&#x60; and &#x60;207.0&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**invoice_collect** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;invoice&#x60; field and the &#x60;collect&#x60; field. &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; is available only for backward compatibility.  If &#x60;true&#x60; (default), and a subscription is created, an invoice is generated at account creation time and payment is immediately collected using the account&#39;s default payment method.  This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 186.0, 187.0, 188.0, 189.0, and 196.0.  | [optional] 
**invoice_delivery_prefs_email** | **bool** | Whether the customer wants to receive invoices through email.   The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**invoice_delivery_prefs_print** | **bool** | Whether the customer wants to receive printed invoices, such as through postal mail.  The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**invoice_target_date** | **date** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoiceTargetDate&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.     Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   This field is in REST API minor version control. To use this field in the method, you can set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header. Supported minor versions are &#x60;207.0&#x60; and earlier.   | [optional] 
**invoice_template_id** | **str** | Invoice template ID, configured in Billing Settings in the Zuora UI.  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Account name, up to 255 characters.  | 
**notes** | **str** | A string of up to 65,535 characters. | [optional] 
**parent_id** | **str** | Identifier of the parent customer account for this Account object. The length is 32 characters. Use this field if you have customer hierarchy enabled. | [optional] 
**payment_gateway** | **str** | The name of the payment gateway instance. If null or left unassigned, the Account will use the Default Gateway.  | [optional] 
**payment_term** | **str** | Payment terms for this account. Possible values are: &#x60;Due Upon Receipt&#x60;, &#x60;Net 30&#x60;, &#x60;Net 60&#x60;, &#x60;Net 90&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**run_billing** | **bool** | Creates an invoice for a subscription. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created based on the [invoice and credit memo generation rule.](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Invoice_Settlement/Credit_and_Debit_Memos/Rules_for_Generating_Invoices_and_Credit_Memos).    The billing documents generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   Possible values:  - &#x60;true&#x60;: An invoice is created. If you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created.   - &#x60;false&#x60;: No invoice is created.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to True]
**sales_rep** | **str** | The name of the sales representative associated with this account, if applicable. Maximum of 50 characters. | [optional] 
**sold_to_contact** | [**POSTAccountTypeSoldToContact**](POSTAccountTypeSoldToContact.md) |  | [optional] 
**subscription** | [**POSTAccountTypeSubscription**](POSTAccountTypeSubscription.md) |  | [optional] 
**tagging** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**target_date** | **date** | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice or a credit memo is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.  **Note:** The credit memo is only available only if you have the Invoice Settlement feature enabled.  This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; and later. To use this field in the method, you must set the  &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] 
**tax_info** | [**POSTAccountTypeTaxInfo**](POSTAccountTypeTaxInfo.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


